feat(changelog): generative-apis-added-responses-api-is-now-generally-av 2026-04-22 (#6456)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2026/2026-04-22-generative-apis-added-responses-api-is-now-generally-av.mdx

---
title: Responses API is now generally available
status: added
date: 2026-04-22
category: ai-data
product: generative-apis
---

> [Responses API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/generative-apis/#path-responses-beta-create-a-response) is now generally available. Responses APIs is recommended for use only with gpt-oss-120b model. Read more information on [Chat Completions and Responses API comparison](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Responses API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/generative-apis/#path-responses-beta-create-a-response) is now generally available. The Responses API is recommended for use only with the `gpt-oss-120b` model. For more information, see the [Chat Completions and Responses API comparison](/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility/). 
```
